Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#9)
infiniteobjects/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Commits

> Commits should follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
> 
> The commit types should conform to:

Reviewer: I'm adding a suggestion that shows the list below contains examples and isn't exhaustive, as it's missing additional types we use regularly like docs, ci, style, etc.

```suggestion
Commits should conform to the [Conventional Commits spec](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/), with examples shown below. See the spec for a full list of types.```
